User Story / Gameplay
Describe the gameplay
A two player game where each player controls a paddle on opposite side of the screen. A ball is hit back and forth between the two paddles, and the top and bottom walls until the ball passes one of the players paddle 

What are the conditions when the game begins?
The ball 

Does the game have an end? If so, what are the conditions for when it ends?
Yes there is a end whenever the first player makes it to the set amount of points/11 points.

What ifs will there be?
if the ball hits the paddle it should bounce back 
if the ball hits the bottom/top wall the ball bouces off
if the ball passes the paddle count +1 points to a side 
if the ball passes paddle reposition ball
if the points are at 11 ends game

Visual Game Components:
What are the visual game components? For example, in Bouncing Box, the game components were the board and the box.
The visual game components should be the ball the paddle and the score.

Which will be static? (the board)
The score and the background will be static

Which will be animated? (the box)
Both the ball and the paddles will be animated.

What data will you need to manage each game component? For example, in Bouncing Box, the data values were positionX, speedX, and points.
You will need a positionY for both paddles and have a positionX and positionY for the ball. You will also need to add points for each side.

Events / Logic
What events will occur in this game? (timer events, keyboard events, clicking events?)
To move the left paddle you will use W to go up and S to go down and the other side you will use the up arrow key to go up and the down arrown key to go down. I will try to add a click event to pause the game

How do those events affect the data of the program?
The clike event will affect the data by stopping movment of the ball and the keyboard events will move the position of the paddles.

For each "event", write out the high-level logic of what will happen. It is better (and tricky) to be as specific as you can while remaining high-level!
